#React Accordion

This component uses an array of objects as input, and programmatically outputs accordions that are wrapped in a container component.

The container component, **AccordionContainer**, has a single array in state, where each element in a boolean that represents the current state of all accordions - true being revealed, false being closed. The initial state is set just before the component mounts by mapping over each object and returning the 'revealed' key. This allows a specific accordion or multiple accordions to be open on render.

When one of the **AccordionTitle** presentational components is clicked, the `handleClick` runs. This method works by checking the index of the accordion that was clicked and checking what that value that index has in state. A new state is generated by returning a new array of Boolean values.

The logic handling click functions as follows:

```
If the index in the state array equals the index of the accordion that was clicked: 
    If that one is already open, close it.
    Else, open it.
Else, close it.
```

## Note:

For the sake of this demo, since you cannot animate between a height of 0px and auto, the slide animation is utilizing a css hack, which is to animate between a max-height of 0 and a max-height greater than the offset height of auto. In other words, if your content only created a content container height of 77px, you can animate that container by changing the max-height from 0px to 100px.

This is not a good, permanent solution:

1) The height of your container could change on resize. If the content tries to push your container taller than the max-height, content will be cut off.

2) There is no way to know what the minimum max-height will be needed.

3) Setting a max-height to a really high number creates really weird animations. If you set your max-height to 1000px, the container will animate from 0px to 1000px, then back down to 77px.

What is needed is something like jQuery's slideToggle; however, when building this component, I wanted to avoid using any dependencies.